---
layout: post
title: "Week 11: Submission Frenzy"
---
*What did you do this past week?*   
Phase II of the project was extra stressful - not just for us, but for most of the students in the course.  Thursday afternoon there were almost no submissions because all of us were having trouble with Docker, which is what we’re required to use to host our site.  Luckily, they extended the deadline to Friday at 10pm.  Our group didn’t leave lab til 2 AM Thursday and 5:30 AM Friday, which I had never even done for OS.  Our group was able to work through things together and support each other to get it submitted by the extended deadline.

In class we’ve been going over SQL topics.  It doesn’t seem too difficult, but I’ve been missing questions on the quizzes.  I was really annoyed about missing a question on Monday’s quiz over regex, because I ran out of time.  It’s one thing if you don’t know the material, another if you run out of time because you’re trying to sort through tiny details.  I don’t think the quizzes are an accurate measurement of knowledge.  The class as a whole hasn’t been doing great on the quizzes, but I think it’s because we don’t have enough time, not because people don’t know what’s going on.  I guess it affects us all proportionately so technically it’s fair.

*What’s in your way?*   
Since we couldn’t all work on the Docker problem, I started looking at options for the search feature I knew would be required for Phase III.  So far the visuals for the search bar we want looks a bit tricky to implement.  We also really need to clean up the CSS because a lot of the stuff from the original template that we’re not using is cluttering it.

*What will you do next week?*   
First get the search bar working, then focus on visuals and cleaning up the CSS code.  Hopefully we can take advantage of not having algo homework due and complete most of it before the following week.  This phase looks mostly presentation-focused.  

**Tip of the Week**   
If your JavaScript is giving you trouble for a syntax error you can’t seem to find, try using [JSLint](http://www.jslint.com/) which will look for the problem and correct it for you.  Sometimes it’s just a weird space that’s hard for us to catch with the naked eye.  It’s also provided by Douglas Crockford, author of *Javascript: The Good Parts* one of the books we read for class.
