---
layout: post
title: "Week 8: Spring Break and SXSW!"
---
What did you do this past week?

Last weekend was really busy and exhausting, so I didn’t get around to writing.  We didn’t cover a lot in class - Monday we were introduced to our new project and Wednesday Everett Toews from Rackspace came to talk to us about Docker.  Everett shared the online course [Learning How to Learn] (https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn), which I completed and blogged about earlier this year.  It really is a great course!  Friday, thankfully, we got a day off for spring break.  I didn’t venture out to see how bad the SXSW traffic was.  

Over the weekend I participated in the [\<div\> hackathon 2.0] (http://mvmt50.com/sxsw2016/divhack/) for SXSW Interactive.  It was not what I expected, but a wonderful experience.  My group of 5 and a mentor placed third.  Out of our group, we had a middle school girl and a high school boy, a design student, one other CS student who hadn’t done any development before, and me.  Because of the demographic of the hackathon, it wasn’t really a coding hackathon, but a challenge to put together an idea for apps that help promote diversity.  Our group decided that we wanted to code though, and since no one else in our group had coded much before, I ended up being more of a mentor.  We did some basic HTML and CSS, but it was awesome knowing that I helped people of our team gain their first experience in coding.  We were also the only group that coded our project.  It would be nice if more UT students signed up as both mentors and participants.  Since the groups are assigned, in a team that has half experienced and have inexperienced members, I think it would be a great opportunity for people to both learn and teach others a valuable skill and learn how to work together, especially across demographics when diversity is a big topic right now. 


What's in your way?

Most of our group members will not be in town to work on our project, so we will have to do stuff remotely until the week of the project.

It’s also the first project I’ll have worked on at this scale, so I’m sure there will be quite a few challenges as we learn new tools, languages, and work out how they all fit together.


What will you do next week?

Get started on the IDB project.  Make a list of things to do for the project. Try to get through the rest of the [Python for Everybody Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/python) to help me understand databases and using data for our SWE project.  Also, definitely will be doing some fun SXSW activities. :D.

***Tip of the Week***    
If you’re a student at UT, you should definitely get out there and experience all Austin has to offer.  A lot of students go home for the break and miss out on all of the different showcases and networking opportunities provided by events like SXSW and music festivals.  One of my favorites is SX Create, where you can see what different companies are doing with technology, including IoT, 3D printing, and open source technology.
2. 
