---
layout: post
title: Week 2: Growing Pains
---

From here on out, every entry will begin by answering the following questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
2. What's in your way?
3. What will you do next week?

Last week, I just used them as a guideline, but have learned that this is a more explicit requirement.

1. What did I do this past week?
For the most part, I successfully stuck with the 30-second habit, written about last week’s tip-of-the-week.  This week, Downing started to add what he thought the high points of the lecture were to the class Google Doc.  Now, I can compare my 30-second notes with his high points and see how well I’m doing in picking out the important parts of lecture!  One of the things I have noticed and really respect about Downing as a professor is that he is continuously adjusting his course from semester to semester to try to provide his students with the best resources and skills.

2. What is in my way?
I don’t know if I should be admitting this on a public blog, but one thing struggle with is procrastination.  So far, I have not been able to go through Learn Python the Hard Way as planned, and still have to complete our first project.  Even though things this week weren’t perfect, I did finish a good chunk of the things I had planned, so I’m not too disheartened.  I will continue to stick to what works for me and seek new ways to grow as a student and software engineer.  Growing pains are normal, right?

3. What will I do next week?
Finish Collatz! I don’t have much choice since it’s due on Thursday! Continue to apply what I’ve learned from the MOOC Learning How to Learn (the first online course/mooc I’ve ever completed!) to improve my study techniques.  Some of the strategies I’m currently employing include: scheduling tasks for specific times of the day, using the pomodoro technique, and writing down a weekly and daily tasks list.

Some other things going on include the spring career fair on Tuesday and a FoCS dinner Monday evening. 

***Tip of the Week***   
Find out your weaknesses and how to battle them!  Also, take advice from people seriously.  This week, two of Downing’s assigned readings both advise students to learn to write and take non-CS coursework seriously.  Some people think anything not related to CS is a waste of time, but it is important to take time to seek to grow personally.  Watch and read interviews and biographies of successful people, or those you want as role models and learn tips from them.  It’s quite sad to see so many students live in a small, CS bubble-world.

<script>
  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
  })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');

  ga('create', 'UA-72832219-1', 'auto');
  ga('send', 'pageview');

</script>
