---
layout: post
title: "Week 12: Final Phase"
---
*What did you do this past week?*   
Monday and Wednesday we covered more SQL related things and Wednesday/Friday we looked at refactoring code.  Monday I had trouble focusing in class.  Databases are new to me this semester, so it’s pretty interesting to learn about various ways to create and join tables.  Refactoring is very cool, but I don’t always understand how you know what design is better or how know what to change in order to improve your design.  Looking at the example is definitely not the same as practicing it and trying it out.

For our project we have looked into using both SwifType and Google Search API.  SwifType is partially working for us, but not doing the main thing, which is returning results from the table data.  Also, we’re on a 2 week free trial, so not sure if that’s going to work out.

*What’s in your way?*   
Phase III, the final phase of our project, is due. We also have algo homework, and so far we are not sure the SwifType and Google Search will work for our needs.  Registration is also coming up.  My plan is to register for Computer Networks and something else.  The professor I wanted to take isn’t teaching Computer Networks, and there aren’t many electives open in general, which is disappointing, since it’s supposed to be my last semester.

*What will you do next week?*   
Finish Phase III and work on the presentation for class  Register for class. 


**Tip of the Week**   
Use postgreSQL - default database on Macs and https://sqlalchemy-searchable.readthedocs.org/en/latest/, instead of MySQL.  It has a built-in search functionality which would have been nice to use.  Also, it’s helpful to have someone who knows JavaScript in your project group.
