---
layout: post
title: "Week 9: post-spring break"
---
*What did you do this past week?*   
This week we turned in phase 1 of our project.  Since 5 of us are in the same algo and swe sections, the scheduling to meet was convenient!  We turned in our project a couple of hours early, which felt nice.

Our static pages are up and working.  We used a template to help make our project look nicer and get it running more quickly, but since none of us have a lot of experience with web development, understanding the template as a whole has been challenging.  I feel a bit frustrated because I'm having a hard time telling which parts are affected by javascript/jquery and overriding the css customizations.  I also wanted to gain some experience with backend development, but trying to learn everything thoroughly doesn't seem feasible.  Our teammate that did the Docker portion was nice enough give me a quick overview on the process when I asked.

*What’s in your way?*   
Missing class on Friday was a bummer, since it really helps me understand when we go over code in class.  Our algo exam and phase II of our project will be due the same week, so we’ll definitely have to plan for that since everyone in our group is on the same schedule.

*What will you do next week?*   
Hopefully get started on phase II and have some clarity on who’s doing what.  After reading some articles I think we should go with React instead of Angular.

Overall, this wasn't the best week for me.  Monday I had a lot of trouble focusing - we started off class making sure everyone was in groups and then all I could think about was our project.  Friday I overslept and completely missed class.  Usually I wake up before my alarm goes off, but I guess I was tired and forgot to set an alarm :(.  I keep forgetting to do my 30-second-habit and I do think it’s affecting my performance on quizzes and retaining information, so I will need to get back to doing that.

**Tip of the Week**   
I think it would be helpful to anyone taking this class to have gone through some tutorials/played around with the various languages and tools to use in web development.  I would recommend HTML/CSS, Python, and databases to start off.  One of my teammates recommended [this] (https://www.udacity.com/course/full-stack-foundations--ud088) Udacity course, which I’ve been planning on going through, but haven’t gotten around to yet.  He did most of the setting up of Flask for our project and said this helped him learn for previous hackathon projects.
