---
layout: post
title: "Week 7: Exam Week"
---
What did you do this past week?
Study for the exam.  Reviewing Downing’s notes before every class, has helped me on the quizzes and helped me recall/understand much of the concepts for the exam.  Since I have taken OOP with Downing, I knew what to expect from the coding portion as far as format and what type of things he might ask.  My study group/friends also went through the reading topics, wrote down definitions and key ideas and explained them to each other (just for some, not all).  I also stuck to my plan of things to do to prepare for the exam.

What's in your way?
I don’t always understand fully when to use things that we learn in class, or in what situations they might be relevant.  

What will you do next week?
Probably start on project 3, since it looks like we will be introduced to it on Monday.

So far I have enjoyed SWE much more than I did in OOP.  In OOP, there was so much new stuff, it was hard for me to fully keep up and understand, but I gained some basic knowledge and understanding that has helped me greatly in SWE.  Plus, I have been attending Mike Scott’s data structures class which has helped me relate things to what we covered in OOP, and apply it to SWE.
I think that if I hadn’t taken OOP, the exam would have been more difficult and I wouldn’t have known how to prepare for it as well.  I don’t always know what type of variations are possible, so I don’t always know what to practice/ask when we’re supposed to get a study group and test each other.  We had a short answer portion on the exam that we didn’t have for the OOP exams.  Although this felt like free points to me, I think it forces students to do more of the readings than they would otherwise.  I don’t always keep up with the readings, but I find a lot of the ideas intriguing/valuable when I do, like writing tests first, then writing code to make the tests work.

***Tip of the Week***   
Review the GoogleDoc regularly.  Paying attention in class and reviewing the Google Doc before the quiz will help pick out the small details for the quizzes.
