---
layout: post
title: "Week 1: 30 Second Habit"
---
New Year, New Me! Or so “they” say…

School has finally started, and I’m more excited about this semester than I have been about school in a long time!  One reason for this is that I feel more hopeful and encouraged about this coming semester.  I’ll talk about why in my Tip of the Week!

Since this was the first week of school, we didn’t go in depth into a lot of material.  First day was syllabus day - most of the structure is the same as OOP, so I feel pretty comfortable and familiar with it.  We also quickly went over some characteristics of Python and the Collatz Conjecture I looked over the posted code beforehand so I would know what to expect in class.  

Friday, we were introduced to our first project, which is the same project we did for OOP, but in Python.  I felt like this time around, I was able to notice more details in the explanation and more fully understand the requirements.

One new thing Downing started is to write our in-class exercises in Google Docs and make it available to us.  I really like this, because I think it will help me recall things from class better.  A new requirement we have for the blog is to include Google Analytics.  It will be fun to see if people read, or at least link to this blog.  I’ve used Google Analytics in a previous job, and it’s interesting to see the trends in traffic to your site.

Something I wish I had done this winter break is finished a Python tutorial.  Reading through the official Python tutorial quickly became boring, so I’m going to try to go through [Learn Python the Hard Way] (http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/) ASAP.  Next week, I want to continue to do two things that I hope will help me be successful in this class: look at all the posted code before hand and do a certain 30-second-habit, which brings me to…

***Tip of the Week!***   
As the new year began, a plethora of articles about New Year’s Resolutions, new challenges, ‘things successful people do’, etc., published all over the Internet.  One article led me to the online course [Learning How to Learn] (https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn/).  From here, an optional reading link sent me to this [article] (http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robyn-scott/the-30-second-habit-that-_b_4808632.html).  The article talks about a 30 second habit used by “an eminience grise of the business world.”  This habit is to simply, “Immediately after every lecture, meeting, or any significant experience, take 30 seconds -- no more, no less -- to write down the most important points.”  I am determined to stick to this habit for all of my classes.  As someone who switched from focusing on studying the humanities to computer science after being out of school for a couple of years, this degree has not been an easy journey.  This course has given me more hope and motivation than I've had since beginning my second degree, and I hope that by applying some of the strategies learned from this MOOC, I will be able meet my goals.

<script>
  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
  })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');

  ga('create', 'UA-72832219-1', 'auto');
  ga('send', 'pageview');

</script>
