---
layout: post
title: "Week 9: Let it Goooo"
---
*What did you do this past week?*   
Our group met for a little bit to discuss phase II, but since all of us have an algo exam on Monday, we didn’t spend a lot of time on it.  Since I missed class last Friday, I did not do well on Monday’s quiz.  Downing reviewed over Friday’s material afterwards though, which was nice.  Wednesday we had speakers from  Atlassian, one of them was the same one from OOP last semester.  Friday we got out of class early!  Our group used that time to meet.  Honestly, I don’t remember what material we covered and am too tired to check right now, but will look at it before the quiz in the morning.

*What’s in your way?*   
Monday’s algo exam will surely cut down on the time spent on phase II.  Our design does not match our current subject right now, so we will need a big design overhaul to improve our project.  I’ve noticed I get obsessive over the details that bother me and it’s hard to stop working until everything is perfect.  This is bad because I’ve been losing sleep, but good because I get done whatever I’m set out to do.

*What will you do next week?*   
Learn how to use React well enough to implement it for our project.  I’ve been studying a bit on using Databases, but I think for this phase my other teammates will probably focus on that portion.

**Tip of the Week**   
Get sleep.  And take breaks.  One thing I’ve noticed is that some solutions online for formatting our website don’t work well for our template.  I have a hard time tearing myself away from my computer trying to figure out why, but noticed that sometimes after a break, it is easier for me to see the small detail I’m missing in order to resolve the issue.  Sometime's it's just better to let it goooo (at least for a little bit).
