---
layout: post
title: "Week 4: Happy Valentine's Day!"
---
Happy Valentine's Day! The past two weeks have been quite busy, though in SWE we didn't have a whole lot of new material this week.

What did you do this past week?   
In class, Monday we went over our new project, Netflix.  Wednesday, Ben Porter from Main Street Hub came to talk a bit about his company and work.  It's interesting to see the overlap between all the companies and the tools/methods they use, such as Jira for issue tracking and agile development.  Friday we revisited a topic from last week about how get something that's just iterative, not indexable.   

My partner and I worked on our project and finished a simple algorithm/code and our unit tests.  We were able to get a RMSE of 1.003 easily, in a fairly short amount of time.   

What's in your way?   
Getting a RMSE of 1.003 didn't take long, but we are having trouble getting under that, so we will need to get some new ideas on how to resolve it.

What will you do next week?   
We will probably create our own cache of the data to try to get under 1.00, since right now we are just using what some of our awesome classmates made.  That still doesn't guarantee that we will succeed, so we'll be spending some time in lab.

***Tip of the Week***   
Downing provides a Google Doc with what he considers the highlights of the day along with some examples of what we go through in class.  Some students said they were having trouble with his quizzes, but that they hadn't been looking at the Google Doc.  His notes for each day are short and are very helpful for his quizzes, so I strongly recommend that you review them.
