---
layout: post
title: "Week 15: The End!"
---
*What did you do this past week?*   
Finish the semester!

*What’s in your way?*   
Friday I woke up with a trapezius muscle spasm.  It feels like a cramp that you can’t get rid of with the pain worsening with every breath and movement.  Maybe like a Charley horse, but in your back.  Currently taking some muscle relaxers, which seem to help, at least today.

Other than that I’m completely done with the semester!

*What will you do next week?*   
Go over the material sent from Spiceworks and work on studying for interviews.


Thursday’s exam wasn’t that bad, but I’m really mad at myself for screwing up one of the questions.  I mostly knew how to do the problem, but then I kept remembering that when we did one part of it in class, it was done in one line.  I forgot that it was because it returned a generator, so I tricked myself into thinking that it was my thought-out solution would be completely off.  Then I changed another part of my solution because I couldn’t see how the first part I changed would work.  Basically I messed up big time because I was trying to code something based on my memory and not relying on how I knew the code should work.  I thought the SQL queries were the most difficult questions.  Hopefully I did okay and will still keep my A, although messing up on that question was worth a significant amount of points.

**Tip of the Week**   
Recently someone mentioned a site called [InterviewBit](https://www.interviewbit.com/) on FB or something, so I decided to check it out.  While HackerRank and LeetCode are great for interview programming questions, one thing I like about InterviewBit are the videos that correspond with various topics.
