---
layout: post
title: "Week 3: My Late 20s"
---
What did you do this past week?   
Late entry - got distracted with my birthday and Super Bowl Sunday.  It's weird that I'm officially in my late 20s.  For a long time I thought I'd either be on the path to starting a family or traveling the world by now, but here I am, an undergrad for the second time learning new things.  Better late than never!   

This week I missed my first quiz question :(.  Actually, missed 2, one on 2 different days.  The first quiz question I missed, it was because I made a foolish assumption and didn’t calm down to look at the answer options carefully.  The second quiz question, I just legitimately did not know what happened when you had 2 tuples, one containing the other, and did += to the contained tuple.  I knew if the outside tuple contained a list, then printing the whole thing would show a modified list, but didn’t know how that would work with a tuple, since they are immutable.   
I also turned in my first project.  I thought I was done early, but then ran into a problem with Travis failing suddenly, so I actually just barely turned it in on time, which was really stressful.   

What's in your way?
We covered a lot of topics in class, so remembering and keeping track of the small details will be challenging.

What will you do next week?
Continue with my 30-second habit, reviewing notes for class, and do the readings. Start on our new project that will be introduced.

I think I’ve finally reached a point where I don’t feel like I’m more lost than understanding what we’re learning in class.  After a 7 year break from any mathematical/computational problem solving, it was really difficult to get my brain into that mode, recall old information, and try to build new information on top of it.  I thought maybe this was also because I’m past my prime learning time or whatever, but now I think that even if I am, as long as I’m continuing to strengthen my brain and working hard, learning will continue to get easier.

***Tip of the Week***   
Try to finish the projects early enough so that you can submit a day or two early.  That way if you run into trouble, you won’t have last minute panic like I did.  Also, go to office hours and the study sessions if you need help, especially the week before the project, not of because there aren’t as many people seeking help.  Also, really try to find people that you can talk to and study with - these people can become both your friends and network for future opportunities and reinforce your learning from class.
