---
layout: post
title: "Week 13: The end is in sight"
---
*What did you do this past week?*   
In class we went over method overriding, overloading, dynamic binding, singletons, refactoring code, and other object oriented programming concepts.  This in general is harder for me, because none of my introductory courses covered object oriented programming concepts or java in depth.  I really need to take the time to do more problems on my own to see how things are implemented, rather than just following along, but it’s been challenging enough for me to keep an A in this class so far.

This week we turned in our final phase of our project.  There are still many changes I wish we were able to make before we submitted, but we ran out of time.  We ran into obstacles with our search functionality.  We didn’t want to risk SwiftType not working, since it was just a 2 week free trial.  The purchasing options were at least a couple hundred dollars, so we had to find an alternative.  We ended up using [this](https://github.com/mengzhuo/sqlalchemy-fulltext-search), but it didn’t meet all the requirements on its own so we had to customize it.  Overall, it was pretty stressful.

Registration was also this week - with the new BS plan it will only take me an extra semester vs an extra year to get the BS vs BSA.  Debating on whether or not it’s worth it.

*What’s in your way?*     
We will need to make sure to finish implementing our classmates’ API into our project before our presentation.  We’re the first group in our class to present.  Our final algo and swe exams are going to be back to back, so I’m starting to get stressed out about preparing for them adequately.  

I’m also having more trouble following what we’re covering in class lately.

*What will you do next week?*   
Our group will need to finish implementing the API from http://swedishchef.me/ and prepare for our presentation.  I’m definitely going to try to get a head start on reviewing Downing’s code and quizzes, although I don’t think we’re going to get the list of exam topics until next week.  They’re pretty much whatever we cover in class though.


It’s hard to believe that we only have 2 weeks of class left.  None of my classes have finals, so the last week of class is officially my last week of the semester!  Hoping to finish strong.

**Tip of the Week**   
This summer I’m interning at SpiceWorks, and they have started sending out ‘technology emails’ to help us prepare for the beginning of the internship.  In week 1’s email, they linked us to Codecademy’s [Learn the Command Line](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-the-command-line) course.  I thought I already knew enough of the basics of using command line, but I decided to take a look anyways.  It was definitely worth it, because it touched some areas I don’t use as commonly, but find useful, such as configuring the environment.  For anyone starting an internship or new job, I highly recommend finding out what languages and tools the company you’re about to join uses, and getting familiar with it before you start.
