---
layout: post
title: "Week 6: First Test"
---
*What did you do this past week?*   
In class we went over iterables, function unpacking and packing, and building an iterator class.  Conrad Stoll from Mutual Mobile came in again and spoke about the tools used and projects worked on at the company.  I believe I wrote this in my OOP blog, but I’ll repeat it anyways.  He’s my friend and former teammate’s older brother!  Pretty neat, since I had no idea he graduated with a CS degree from UT.  All I knew was he was my teammate’s brother who came and took cool photos of us playing Ultimate.  

The iterators/iterables are topics we covered in OOP, but learning about them again has definitely strengthened my understanding of them.  One thing I wish we did more of in SWE is practice implementing the various aspects of the Python language we learn.  The function packing/unpacking was new and different material.

*What's in your way?*   
We have our first exam coming up.  I imagine that it will be a similar style to last fall’s OOP exam, so I’ll definitely be practicing the questions I remember.

*What will you do next week?*   
Study for the Exam.

Since this post is actually late, I’ll write about how I prepared for the SWE exam.
I pasted Downing’s exam topics and went through all of my notes, Downing’s Google Doc notes and corresponding code online, filling in the corresponding sections.  Some friends and I practiced implementing the functions and classes we did in class.  Taking OOP last semester helped, since we knew the type/style of coding questions that might be on the exam.  I Googled various ways to implement the functions we covered in class to get an idea of the variations that we might encounter on the exam.  

**Tip of the Week**   
Find someone who has taken a Downing exam before and study with them if you have no idea how to start.  The more coding you’ve done, the better you’ll do on his exams.
